Update docs for DockerfileRunArguments (#8121)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/containers/container-launch-settings.md

| useSSL               | "useSSL": true                                        | Indicates whether to use SSL when launching the project. If useSSL is not specified, then SSL is used when sslPort > 0. |

> [!NOTE]
> If the same settings, for example, DockerfileRunArguments, is found in both the project file and in the launch settings file, the value in the launch settings file takes precedence.

::: moniker-end

::: moniker range=">=vs-2022"

| Setting name         | Example                                               | Description                                                                                                             |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| commandLineArgs      | "commandLineArgs": "--mysetting myvalue"              | These command-line arguments for starting your app are used when launching your project in the container.                                     |

> |DockerfileRunArguments|"dockerfileRunArguments": "-l mylabel=value"|Additional arguments to pass to the [docker run](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/) command. Starting in VS 17.3 Preview 2 support for replacement tokens has been added:<br/><br/> - {ProjectDir} - Full path to the project directory. <br/><br/> - {OutDir} - The value of the MSBuild property OutDir.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|DockerfileRunArguments|"dockerfileRunArguments": "-l mylabel=value"|Additional arguments to pass to the [docker run](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/run/) command. In Visual Studio 17.3 Preview 2 and later, support for replacement tokens has been added:<br/><br/> - {ProjectDir} - Full path to the project directory. <br/><br/> - {OutDir} - The value of the MSBuild property OutDir.|
```
